added section about roll IPA tokens and page about token issues (#2743)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/api/src/content/tokens/create/issues.md

---
order: 11

> type: how to

Reviewer: This page looks like a troubleshooting page and not a how-to guide.

Ideally, troubleshooting content should live in the Support KB, unless there isn't any page about the same feature/product in the Support KB.
Consider creating a "Troubleshooting API Tokens" page in the Support KB with this content. You could place it, for example, in the [Account Privacy and Security](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/sections/204684247-Account-Privacy-and-Security) section, next to the following page (not sure if you'll archive and redirect this page soon): [Managing API Tokens and Keys](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200167836-Managing-API-Tokens-and-Keys).

Author: Thanks for bringing this up. I wasn't completely sure if I should move this section from the page Managing API Tokens and Keys. As I will not archive it, I'll keep it in the KB's but improve it with my changes and your comments.

---

> # Main IPA token issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Main API token issues
```

> - **The token itself is not verified**

Reviewer: These should probably be Heading 2's instead.

Author: Agree

You can ensure the token has been verified by running the following curl example and confirming the response returns ``status: active``.

```bash
 curl -X GET "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/user/tokens/verify" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer <token secret>" \

>      -H "Content-Type:application/json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     -H "Content-Type: application/json"
```

```

- **The token has incorrect permissions**

> Send us a screenshot of the permissions you have set up to, so that we can verify that the permission has been correctly set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send us a screenshot of the permissions you have set up so that we can verify that the permission has been correctly set.
```
It's not obvious how the reader could send the screenshot. Contact their account team? Contact Cloudflare Support?

- **Incorrect syntax**

> On occasion, customers will attempt to use an API Token with an API Key syntax. Ensure you are using the _Bearer_ option, rather than the Email and API key pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On occasion, customers will attempt to use an API Token using the API Key syntax. Ensure you are using the _Bearer_ option, rather than the Email and API key pair.
```

```bash
curl -X GET "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/user/tokens?page=1&per_page=20&direction=desc" \

> -H "Authorization: Bearer 8M7wS6hCpXVc-DoRnPPY_UCWPgy8aea4Wy6kCe5T"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -H "Authorization: Bearer 8M7wS6hCpXVc-DoRnPPY_UCWPgy8aea4Wy6kCe5T"
```
Make sure that this `Bearer` value is a fake token and not a real one.

```

- **Incorrect user permissions when attempting to create a token**

> A customer cannot create a token for themselves that exceeds the permission granted to them on their account. For example, if a customer has been granted an _Admin (Read only)_ role, they would need their Super Administrator to update their role so that they could create a token for themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot create a token for yourself exceeding the permission granted to you on your account. For example, if you have been granted an _Admin (Read only)_ role, you would need your Super Administrator to update your role so that you could create a token for yourself.
```
